Dynamically add broker authentication to the DAC chain if Broker package is referenced (#49194)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/CHANGELOG.md

### Features Added

> - `DefaultAzureCredential` now includes silent authentication via the authentication broker on Windows if the `Azure.Identity.Broker` NuGet package is referenced. This allows for a more seamless authentication experience when using the `DefaultAzureCredential` in Windows environments. Setting the `ExcludeBrokerAuthentication` property on `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions` can be disable this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DefaultAzureCredential` now includes silent authentication via the authentication broker on Windows if the `Azure.Identity.Broker` NuGet package is referenced. This allows for a more seamless authentication experience when using the `DefaultAzureCredential` in Windows environments. Setting the `ExcludeBrokerCredential` property on `DefaultAzureCredentialOptions` disables this feature.
```
